<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN" "reference.dtd">
<reference xml:lang="ja" id="reference_rest_compaction">
	<title>Compaction API</title>
	<shortdesc>Compaction はディスク領域を開放し、断片化したディスクを軽減させるために使用します。</shortdesc>
	<refbody>
		
		<section>
			<title>説明</title>
			<p>
				Couchbase Serverは追加、更新、削除した全てのデータをディスクのファイルと同じように書き込み処理を行います。
				特にデータ削除時に行うと、compaction処理は最終的にデータファイルの欠落を起こすことがあります。
				インデックスに新しい結果を追加すると逐次フォーマットベースでインデックスファイルに書き込みされることも注意してください。
				compactionと呼ばれる処理を行うことによりすべてのファイルの空白を再利用することができます。
				データファイルとインデックスファイル両方にとって、頻繁にファイルのcompactionを頻繁に行うことはディスク領域の開放やディスクの断片化の軽減の役に立ちます。
			</p>
			
			<table>
				<title>Compaction エンドポイント</title>
				<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
					<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="3.69*"/>
					<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="2.73*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>HTTPメソッド</entry>
							<entry>URIパス</entry>
							<entry>説明</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>POST </entry>
							<entry>/pools/default/buckets/[bucket_name]/controller/compactBucket</entry>
							<entry>bucketデータやインデックスを圧縮します。</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>POST</entry>
							<entry>/pools/default/buckets/[bucket_name]/controller/cancelBucketCompaction</entry>
							<entry>特定のbucketの圧縮をキャンセルします。</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>POST</entry>
							<entry>/[bucket_name]/_design/[ddoc_name]/_spatial/_compact</entry>
							<entry>空間ビューを圧縮します。</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
			</table>
			
		</section>
		
		
		
		
		
		
		<section><title>Auto-compaction description</title><p>Auto-compaction parameters are configured to trigger data and view compaction. These parameters
				can be specified for an entire cluster (cluster-wide) or for a specific bucket in a cluster.</p> 
			
			<note type="note">Administrative credentials are required to change these settings.</note>			
			
			<table>
				<title>Auto-compaction endpoints</title>
					<tgroup cols="3">
					<colspec colname="col1" colwidth="1*"/>
					<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="3.31*"/>
					<colspec colname="col3" colwidth="2.51*"/>
					<thead>
						<row>
							<entry>HTTP method</entry>
							<entry>URI path</entry>
							<entry>Description</entry>
						</row>
					</thead>
					<tbody>
						<row>
							<entry>POST </entry>
							<entry>/controller/setAutoCompaction</entry>
							<entry>Sets cluster-wide auto-compaction intervals and
								thresholds</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>GET </entry>
							<entry>/settings/autoCompaction</entry>
							<entry>Retrieves cluster-wide settings for auto-compaction</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>GET </entry>
							<entry>/pools/default/buckets/[bucket_name]</entry>
							<entry>Retrieves auto-compaction settings for named bucket</entry>
						</row>
						<row>
							<entry>POST</entry>
							<entry>/pools/default/buckets/[bucket_name]</entry>
							<entry>Sets auto-compaction interval or thresholds for named
								bucket</entry>
						</row>
					</tbody>
				</tgroup>
				</table>
			
			
			
			
			<table>
				<title>Auto-compaction parameters</title>
					<tgroup cols="3">
						<colspec colname="col1"/>
						<colspec colname="col2"/>
						<colspec colname="col3"/>
						<thead>
							<row>
								<entry>Parameter</entry>
								<entry>Value</entry>
								<entry>Notes</entry>
							</row>
						</thead>
						<tbody>
							<row>
								<entry>databaseFragmentationThreshold: percentage</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 2 and 100</entry>
								<entry>Percentage disk fragmentation for data</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>databaseFragmentationThreshold: size</entry>
								<entry>Integer greater than 1</entry>
								<entry>Bytes of disk fragmentation for data</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>viewFragmentationThreshold: percentage</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 2 and 100</entry>
								<entry>Percentage disk fragmentation for index</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>viewFragmentationThreshold: size</entry>
								<entry>Integer greater than 1</entry>
								<entry>Bytes of disk fragmentation for index</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>parallelDBAndViewCompaction</entry>
								<entry>True or false. </entry>
								<entry>Run index and data compaction in parallel. Global setting only.</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>allowedTimePeriod: abortOutside</entry>
								<entry>True or false</entry>
								<entry>Terminate compaction if the process takes longer than the allowed time</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>allowedTimePeriod: fromHour</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 0 and 23</entry>
								<entry>Compaction can occur from this hour onward</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>allowedTimePeriod: fromMinute</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 0 and 59</entry>
								<entry>Compaction can occur from this minute onward</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>allowedTimePeriod: toHour</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 0 and 23</entry>
								<entry>Compaction can occur up to this hour</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>allowedTimePeriod: toMinute</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 0 and 59</entry>
								<entry>Compaction can occur up to this minute</entry>
							</row>
							<row>
								<entry>purgeInterval</entry>
								<entry>Integer between 1 and 60</entry>
								<entry>Number of days a item is deleted or expired. The key and metadata for that item is
								purged by auto-compaction</entry>
							</row>
						</tbody>
					</tgroup>
				</table>
			
			<note type="note">The purge interval parameter removes the key and metadata for items that have been deleted or are expired. 
				This is known as tombstone purging.</note>
			
			

		</section>
		
		
		
		
	</refbody>
	<related-links>
		<linklist>
			<link href="../Concepts/concept-tombstone.dita"/>
			<link href="../Tasks/tasks-compaction.dita"/>
		</linklist>
	</related-links>
</reference>
